Update description of the implementation process (#241)
haskell/core-libraries-committee: PROPOSALS.md

    * or just share patch files, in the same format as
      [`head.hackage`](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/head.hackage) does.
5. Implement the proposal.
    * Register at https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc.
    * If your account is not approved soon (this is a manual process to combat spam),
      ask for approval in your CLC discussion thread, someone will take care of it.

>     * Fork GHC repository and implement your proposal in a non-`master` branch.
>       Do not work in `master`, it will cause issues with Marge Bot later.

Reviewer: Can we find a different way of phrasing this? The branch that the implementer works in in their own local repo is of no consequence. I doubt that what the implementer pushes to their own GitLab fork is of consequence either.

```suggestion
    * Fork GHC repository and implement your proposal in a non-`master` branch.
      (It's probably best if you create a new branch rather than working `master`, see below.)
```

Author: > I doubt that what the implementer pushes to their own GitLab fork is of consequence either.

It is of consequence, Marge Bot refuses to cooperate if you create an MR from `master` branch of your fork. E. g., https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/merge_requests/11714#note_538135.

Reviewer: Right, what you create the MR from is of consequence, whether or not you happen to have a `master` branch pushed to your fork is not.

    * Follow [GHC's "Contributing a Patch" guidelines](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/wikis/Contributing-a-Patch)
      when creating an MR (e.g. [appropriate commit messages](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/wikis/Contributing-a-Patch#22-commit-messages)).
    * Make sure to include a link to the CLC discussion into the commit message.

>     * Make sure to update `libraries/base/changelog.md`. Insert a new entry
>       at an arbitrary position instead of the last one to minimise merge conflicts.

Reviewer: Who does it impact if this instruction is not followed? If it's the MR author (as opposed to other users of the `ghc` repo) then can we make it a suggestion instead? (I think that minimizing the number of absolutely required instruction steps will be helpful to new users.)

```suggestion
    * Make sure to update `libraries/base/changelog.md`. (You might like to insert your new entry
      at an arbitrary position instead of the last one to minimise merge conflicts.)
```

Author: It primarily impacts me ;) when proposals get stuck on a merge conflict and I have to nag people to resolve it. It happens surprisingly often and costs me a lot of operational costs.

Reviewer: Fair enough

>     * Raise a merge request (MR). GitLab's merge requests work similarly to what
>       GitHub calls "pull requests" (PR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Raise a merge request (MR). Ensure your merge request is not from a branch
      called `master` because that will cause issues for Marge Bot. (A GitLab merge
      request works similarly to what GitHub calls a "pull request" (PR).)
```

    * or just share patch files, in the same format as
      [`head.hackage`](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/head.hackage) does.
5. Implement the proposal.
    * Register at https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc.
    * If your account is not approved soon (this is a manual process to combat spam),
      ask for approval in your CLC discussion thread, someone will take care of it.

>     * Fork GHC repository and implement your proposal in a non-`master` branch.

Reviewer: Mentioning working in non-`master` twice seems redundant to me, but I'm content with whatever you prefer.

```suggestion
    * Fork GHC repository and implement your proposal.
```

>       (It's probably best if you create a new branch rather than working `master`, see below.)

Reviewer: Sorry, there was a typo in my original suggestion:

```suggestion
      (It's probably best if you create a new branch rather than working in `master`, see below.)
```

Reviewer: (Maybe explaining my line of thinking will help: I don't see any value in asking the implementer to use a non-`master` branch at this stage. It seems like it will just add to their burden. Creating a new branch specifically for the merge request is easy, so I suggest deferring that instruction until later (as we already have done))
